feat(docs): Writing tutorials (#157)
kestra-io/kestra.io: docs/tutorial/dockers/README.md

---
order: 7
---

# Docker

> Kestra can run some Task like [Python](https://kestra.io/plugins/core/tasks/scripts/io.kestra.core.tasks.scripts.Python.html), [Node](https://kestra.io/plugins/core/tasks/scripts/io.kestra.core.tasks.scripts.Node.html) or [Singer](https://kestra.io/plugins/plugin-singer/) in docker containers. It is useful when you need to run a task in a specific environment or when you need to run a task that requires specific dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kestra can run some tasks like the [Python](https://kestra.io/plugins/core/tasks/scripts/io.kestra.core.tasks.scripts.Python.html), [Node](https://kestra.io/plugins/core/tasks/scripts/io.kestra.core.tasks.scripts.Node.html) or [Singer](https://kestra.io/plugins/plugin-singer/) ones in Docker containers. It is useful when you need to run a task in a specific environment or when you need to run a task that requires specific dependencies.
```

::: warning

> To have your Task running in a Docker image requires a Docker daemon running on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having tasks running in a Docker container requires a Docker daemon running on the host.
```

If you follow the [Getting Started](../../getting-started) guide, you're all set!
:::

> ## Defining a docker runner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Defining a Docker runner
```

> To use Docker in a task, you must define the runner as Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a task inside a Docker container, you must define the runner as Docker.
```

```yaml
runner: DOCKER
```

> Then you can define the docker options to indicate which image to use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can define the Docker options to indicate which image to use:
```

```yaml
dockerOptions:
  image: civisanalytics/datascience-python # Docker image with Python and Pandas already installed
```

You can customize the docker runner a lot. You can find more information on task documentation that can run in Docker, for example, in the [Python](https://kestra.io/plugins/core/tasks/scripts/io.kestra.core.tasks.scripts.Python.html#definitions) task.

> ## Using a task with a docker runner in your flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using a task with a Docker runner in your flow
```
